---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tharsis_managed_identities Resource - terraform-provider-tharsis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Defines and manages a managed identity.
---

# tharsis_managed_identities (Resource)

Defines and manages a managed identity.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data` (String) IAM role or tenant and client IDs of the managed identity.
- `group_path` (String) Full path of the parent group.
- `name` (String) The name of the managed identity.
- `type` (String) Type of managed identity, AWS or Azure.

### Optional

- `access_rules` (Attributes List) List of access rules for the managed identity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_rules))
- `created_by` (String) User email address, service account path, or other identifier of creator of the managed identity.
- `description` (String) A description of the managed identity.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) String identifier of the managed identity.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when this managed identity was most recently updated.
- `resource_path` (String) The path of the parent group plus the name of the managed identity.

<a id="nestedatt--access_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_rules`

Required:

- `run_stage` (String) Type of job, plan or apply.

Optional:

- `allowed_service_accounts` (List of String) List of resource paths of service accounts allowed to use this rule.
- `allowed_teams` (List of String) List of names of teams allowed to use this rule.
- `allowed_users` (List of String) List of email addresses of users allowed to use this rule.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) String identifier of the access rule.
- `managed_identity_id` (String) String identifier of the connected managed identity.


